Now that we've reached this point, the next exercise I want us to do is I want us to build out the
full login screen so that we can actually already log in.
So over here, there will be two text inputs, an email and a password, and in the email will be able
to fill in the email address and then the password.
And if we fill in the wrong password, obviously it won't log in.
We won't create any visual feedback just yet.
But when we fill in the correct password, we are greeted with our application.
That is the end outcome that we're aiming towards.
And when we reload, the app obviously will be logged out because we're forced reloading.
OK, so now that we have that portion, there's a couple of things we need to set up.
First off, we need to add this is authenticated over here to line twenty nine.
That's something that needs to be in place.
And then also we need to make sure that we have export content on the login request.
On top of which, we need to make sure that we use the context that we've created in the login screen
in order to create the actual Internet output, I want us to use state.
So we want to use the text input field from react need of paper.
And this will help us actually build out that input field.
You can create a style component or you could put it directly in place.
Whatever you see fit, just try to build out the screen and do the end to end integration on your own.
And in the next video, we'll look at the solution that I made so that you can have a path forward.